[FLINK-15205][hive][document] Update hive partition and orc for read_write_hive (#10590)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/hive/read_write_hive.md

## Writing To Hive

Similarly, data can be written into hive using an `INSERT` clause. Consider there is a mytable table with two columns: name, age.

{% highlight bash %}
# ------ Insert with append mode ------ 
Flink SQL> INSERT INTO mytable SELECT 'Tom', 25;

# ------ Insert with overwrite mode ------ 

> Flink SQL> INSERT OVERWRITE mytable SELECT 'Tom', 25;

Reviewer: are "append mode" and "overwrite mode" official names? 

maybe just say "insert new values by appending to existing table" and "insert new values by overwriting the whole existing table"

Author: Will modify to:
```
INSERT INTO will append to the table or partition, keeping the existing data intact.
INSERT OVERWRITE will overwrite any existing data in the table or partition.
```

{% endhighlight %}

> We support partition table too, Consider there is a myparttable table with four columns: name, age, my_type and my_date. Column my_type and column my_date are the partition columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support partitioned table too, Consider there is a partitioned table named myparttable with four columns: name, age, my_type and my_date, in types ...... my_type and my_date are the partition keys.
```

{% highlight bash %}
# ------ Insert with static partition ------ 
Flink SQL> INSERT OVERWRITE myparttable PARTITION (my_type='type_1', my_date='2019-08-08') SELECT 'Tom', 25;

# ------ Insert with dynamic partition ------ 
Flink SQL> INSERT OVERWRITE myparttable SELECT 'Tom', 25, 'type_1', '2019-08-08';

# ------ Insert with static(my_type) and dynamic(my_date) partition ------ 
Flink SQL> INSERT OVERWRITE myparttable PARTITION (my_type='type_1') SELECT 'Tom', 25, '2019-08-08';
{% endhighlight %}

## Formats

We have tested on the following of table storage formats: text, csv, SequenceFile, ORC, and Parquet.

> # ------ ORC Vectorized Optimization ------ 

Reviewer: is this turned on by default?

Author: Yes

Reviewer: can we document that?

Optimization is used automatically when the following conditions are met:

> - Columns without complex data type, like hive types: List, Map, Struct.

Reviewer: maybe "union" too?

> - Hive version greater than or equal to version 2.

Reviewer: version 2.0.0?
